You could actually even go a step further with the array from syntax right here and show you that what
I mean is you can add a second argument and this will be like a mapping function.
So essentially what it'll do is what an arrow function and we'll take a value and this value is going
to be represented as whatever the particular indices of this array like object is whatever their particular
property is.
And inside of here I'm going to perform an operation on it and return someone to do value and then plus
two.
And in this case I'll make sure that these are numbers.
That way you don't have to risk is one to like so then I'm going to save this and you can see that whenever
it was an argument's object it was 1 2.
But now that it's an array it is 3 4.
So we add this basic math thing.
Our mapping function right here and it allows us to do some calculations on it or perform some operations
on it before storing it as its final value in the corresponding index in the array.
So it's a great way to do some extra work to your array like object before you convert into an array.
And then all you have to do is return whatever you would like to be stored as an item in that array.